well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about your
beliefs
your core beliefs and why it is
incredibly important
for you to have a very firm grasp on
what you believe
if you want to change the world
if you want to be effective at creating
social change
you have to have a clear picture of what
you want
your ideal world to look like your
utopia
because most people who watch this
channel want
deep systemic change on a whole bunch of
different levels
it's not something that's going to
happen overnight
it's going to take time some of the
ideas will take generations
to get to some of the ideas that are
most important to me i know
i will be long gone before they are ever
realized
but if you don't know
what your utopia is if you don't know
what it's supposed to look like
you can't help guide the conversation to
get the steps to get there
a lot of the stuff we want
there's no direct path from where we are
to what we want so we have to look for
the stepping stones
the reason i'm bringing this up is
because after that recent
video about biden's possible future
foreign policy
a whole bunch of people commented like
you're saying this is a win but you
don't seem really enthusiastic about it
yeah that's a pretty accurate read on
how i feel about it
is it better than trump's foreign policy
yes yes absolutely
but my teenager could come up with a
foreign policy better than trump's
anything the biden team puts out is
going to be better than trump's foreign
policy
that's not saying anything my
views my ideals where my core beliefs
say american foreign policy should be
is stuff that
is is literally laughed at
today we had a democratic candidate
actually kind of advocate for some of
them
and it became a joke because it's too
far outside the overton window
we are not going to wake up during the
biden administration
and have a foreign policy that is
primarily about being the world's emt
rather than the world's policemen about
developing infrastructure
in other countries about raising the
standard of living in other countries
because
all of these things helped preempt
conflict
in order to get to the world i want
we have to have a world at peace so
american foreign policy is
really important for that we're not
going to get there from here
where we're at right now however a
foreign policy that is more based on
trade than force that might help get us
there that might be a stepping stone
because trade requires
infrastructure it might raise the
standard of living in these countries
depending on how much wealth the
companies extract along the way
in order to have any wins you have to
know where you're going
then you can kind of take a small
acknowledgement
of these baby steps a lot of these ideas
are going to take generations
to get to you have to celebrate the baby
steps along the way
even if less than enthusiastically
i think most people watching this
channel know that i am
ridiculously pro-immigration um
you know that's not really a secret
i don't advocate in these videos for my
more radical ideas
i advocate for those that are attainable
because my goal on this channel
is to hopefully sway those who are in
opposition
that's what i'm trying to achieve so i
don't advocate for the more radical
ideas and even downplaying
my my beliefs a little bit
i still have that person that shows up
every once in a while and
you're one of those open borders guys no
that's ridiculous not in favor of open
borders i don't even support
borders when your core belief
is so far outside the overton window
that the straw men being made to come
at you aren't extreme enough
that's probably not an idea that the
world is ready for yet
so you may not want to advocate for that
if your goal
is to shift those who are in opposition
now if you're one of those people who is
more theory inclined you're not looking
for
results you're looking to shift that
window
yeah advocate for those extreme ideas
advocate for open borders
advocate for the disillusion of
checkpoints all of that
help shift that overton window
but understand it takes a very special
person to do that for any length of time
because you don't get any wins you're
advocating for something that is
generations away
so it takes a lot of self-discipline to
stay on that level
so you have to figure out what you
believe what your ideal society would
look like
you know do you want it to have a
hierarchy
do you want it to use force all of these
things you have to kind of figure out
and then once you figure out what you
think is right and wrong
try to apply it on a global level and it
helps you
figure out the steps to get there
the reason i'm bringing this up is
because
hopefully we're about to have an
administration change in the united
states
and that's good and it's bad it's good
because i mean look around
it's bad because right now
anybody who wants deep systemic change
is united because we have the
personification
of everything that is wrong with the
united states sitting in the oval office
got everybody on the same team
that uh that's helpful in a way
if somebody was to come to power that
was
less controversial in the way they speak
or tweet
that was uh a little better
at not saying the quiet part out loud
that unity would fade unless
people get a firm grasp on what they
believe in what they want now
and then hold that next administration
accountable get to where we want to go
if people don't maintain the pressure
understand that a biden administration
will just be a return to the status quo
it will be a return
to the very things that created trump
we have to be ready to push
the biden administration further
to make them play out their part in the
story of humanity
this is what humans do we progress
we move forward yeah there's setbacks
every once in a while
but on a long enough timeline
the progressives always win
right now we have the machine agree for
change we have the unity we have
everything we need we just have to keep
focus
if there is a change of administration
if you want freedom if you want
all of those reforms and
the systemic changes that we've talked
about for the last few
years you can't stop
just because the new guy has a d
after his name instead of an r
so it might be time
for everybody to figure out what they
really want
what they want deep down what kind of
world
they want to leave behind what kind of
steps they want to
take so the next generation
can take a few more and get us to that
utopia
you know that that place where everybody
has freedom
where everybody has a decent standard of
living
it's possible to get there we just have
to work for it
and you have to figure out where you fit
into that
battle you have to figure out what your
ideas are
and how you can help shape the
conversation
at the dinner table so it gets shaped on
social media
so it changes the public narrative so
hopefully it changes public policy
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day